plugins/core/skills/init/SKILL.md, before:

Generate a file named AGENTS.md that serves as a contributor guide for this repository.
Your goal is to produce a clear, concise, and well-structured document with descriptive headings and actionable explanations for each section.
Follow the outline below, but adapt as needed — add sections if relevant, and omit those that do not apply to this project.

Document Requirements

- Title the document "Repository Guidelines".
- Use Markdown headings (#, ##, etc.) for structure.
- Keep the document concise. 200-400 words is optimal.
- Keep explanations short, direct, and specific to this repository.
- Provide examples where helpful (commands, directory paths, naming patterns).
- Maintain a professional, instructional tone.

Recommended Sections

Project Structure & Module Organization

- Outline the project structure, including where the source code, tests, and assets are located.

Build, Test, and Development Commands

- List key commands for building, testing, and running locally (e.g., npm test, make build).
- Briefly explain what each command does.

Coding Style & Naming Conventions

- Specify indentation rules, language-specific style preferences, and naming patterns.
- Include any formatting or linting tools used.

Testing Guidelines

- Identify testing frameworks and coverage requirements.
- State test naming conventions and how to run tests.

Commit & Pull Request Guidelines

- Summarize commit message conventions found in the project’s Git history.
- Outline pull request requirements (descriptions, linked issues, screenshots, etc.).

(Optional) Add other sections if relevant, such as Security & Configuration Tips, Architecture Overview, or Agent-Specific Instructions.

Commit message:

add frontmatter to init skill SKILL.md

plugins/core/skills/init/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: init
version: 1.0.0
description: |
  Initialize a new repository with contributor guidelines. Use when:
  - User asks to create a contributor guide, AGENTS.md, or repo guidelines
  - User wants to set up documentation for AI assistants working on the repo
  - Starting a new project that needs repository documentation
---

Generate a file named AGENTS.md that serves as a contributor guide for this repository.
Your goal is to produce a clear, concise, and well-structured document with descriptive headings and actionable explanations for each section.
Follow the outline below, but adapt as needed — add sections if relevant, and omit those that do not apply to this project.

Document Requirements

- Title the document "Repository Guidelines".
- Use Markdown headings (#, ##, etc.) for structure.
- Keep the document concise. 200-400 words is optimal.
- Keep explanations short, direct, and specific to this repository.
- Provide examples where helpful (commands, directory paths, naming patterns).
- Maintain a professional, instructional tone.

Recommended Sections

Project Structure & Module Organization

- Outline the project structure, including where the source code, tests, and assets are located.

Build, Test, and Development Commands

- List key commands for building, testing, and running locally (e.g., npm test, make build).
- Briefly explain what each command does.

Coding Style & Naming Conventions

- Specify indentation rules, language-specific style preferences, and naming patterns.
- Include any formatting or linting tools used.

Testing Guidelines

- Identify testing frameworks and coverage requirements.
- State test naming conventions and how to run tests.

Commit & Pull Request Guidelines

- Summarize commit message conventions found in the project’s Git history.
- Outline pull request requirements (descriptions, linked issues, screenshots, etc.).

(Optional) Add other sections if relevant, such as Security & Configuration Tips, Architecture Overview, or Agent-Specific Instructions.
